Ruby Nested Collections: Fix Additional Resources text (#24368)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: ruby/basic_ruby/nested_collections.md

</div>

### Additional Resources

> This section doesn't contains helpful links to other content yet! 
> Any suggestions ?
> Contribute on Github!

Reviewer: We use specific wording for cases like this. It is outlined in our [Layout Style Guide](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md).

The Additional Resources section should look like:

```suggestion

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

*   It looks like this lesson doesn't have any additional resources yet. Help us expand this section by contributing to our curriculum.
```
